>> Zac Gordon: Folks are still coding but
I'm just gonna walk through this example
so that we can get list posts working.
So if I open up the read me here,
we can see first,
we're just gonna get
familiar with the app.
o I do encourage you to open all of these
files and just check them out because
If you had done that, then you know
the configuration for my URL is here.
I'm not using vagrant.local,
that's weird, maybe I need to change that,
figuring out what that is.
So, just to walk you through again,
config is just an object with
properties that are either DOM elements or
hardcoded URLs that we need.
Helpers is going to grow as we build
our app, and we've been using Helpers.
These are just gonna be small
things that help us with our app,
clear the post for example.
And notice that we have
to import our config and
then anytime were referring to stuff in
the config, we gotta do config, whatever.
Then index is the root of ours,
index is only going to init and
call posts,
noticing that it's importing posts and
then finally in our posts one is where
we will make the actual http request.
So, the first thing we need to
do is import axios, otherwise,
we won't be able to make that work.
So I'll say import axios and
then let's see export default.
This is all good.
The next thing we need to do is come down
a little bit into where we
actually make our axios.get call.
Now this is a shorthand version for Axios.
We've been doing
the longhand version before.
This gets us to the base of our URL,
this gets us to our posts.
So the downside to working
with something like Access,
is we're always going to
be hard coding in this.
And this is where the benefit of
a client is really helpful cuz you just
do .Posts and it knows.
Then we're passing in params.
I'm just gonna change this to three so
we're only uploading three posts.
>> Zac Gordon: And
then down here, where we say, for
each post inside of POSTS,
we can't actually do POSTS.
We have to use response.data.
So I'm going to copy that in.
>> Zac Gordon: And the reason
we're copying this stuff here and
then change the post to post
itself because this is posts.
We're renaming individual post to post.
So when it comes to rendering
an individual one, we could do it here and
this is the kind of stuff that's
gonna be consistent, site to site.
So that's why we're going
through the practice of copy and
pasting, and doing all of that again.
So when we actually render the post and
build everything out,
the reason we're changing this stuff.
So post.slug title.rendered,
I'm sorry, post.title.rendered
>> Zac Gordon: And
then post.except.rendered.
And then down here.
We're gonna build this app
a little bit differently.
When you click on a list of posts and
you load an individual post on the page,
what we're gonna do is actually fire off
a new request and get the full content for
it and then load that page again.
So, in order to make any
requests to the API,
the easiest way do that
is by having the ID.
So, this is a place if you've
ever used html5 data attributes,
where it's data dash ID.
We're just sticking the ID in there.
So we could say, post dot ID.
Let's come back to the read me,
check out where we are.
>> Zac Gordon: So
we've got our loading posts.
Step 2 is pretty much done.
We've done all that.
Step 3, we've run npm start.
Although you'll also need to npm install.
And then we open up our site and
three posts should load on the page.
So let's go to local host.
I'm sorry.
Let me come in and
I have to run npm install and start.
>> Zac Gordon: Let's go back.
>> Zac Gordon: Computer's been super slow.
Looks like Webpack is testing
the limits of what MacBook can do?
Okay, so now I can cd into my 6.1
>> Zac Gordon: And I'll tab to complete.
>> Zac Gordon: And now I'm just
gonna run npm install and npm start.
Give it a minute to run all of that and
then once that's done we could load up our
page and everything should be working.
So we'll just take a moment to do that.
>> Zac Gordon: Okay, so that's finally
done, now I could run npm start.
>> Zac Gordon: And
that should boost everything up at https.
>> Zac Gordon: Okay and
something is obviously not right here.
Okay, looks like I have an error,
I have a period after my rendered
Let's fix that real quick.
>> Zac Gordon: Right there, okay.
Save it and
it should automatically refresh.
>> Zac Gordon: Okay, so
now we've got it working.
Although these are not going to load
the post, so that is the next step.
And let's just go to that one real quick.
And then I'll keep on going into
authentication directly from there.
So let's just look at the steps.
>> Zac Gordon: Single posts.
>> Zac Gordon: So you know what,
it does not have any other dependencies.
From the original one, so actually it's
gonna be a little bit faster I think if I
just go into my 6.1 and
copy my node modules over to my 6.2.
So I'm gonna do it that way,
may still take a moment.
>> Zac Gordon: Let's move
forward with this one,
let's come into check me
out the read me first.
>> Zac Gordon: Okay so
we want to open our posts.
No, I can't use mouse pase.
Going to open our posts,
find the single post.
I need to change ID to getting
the ID which I'll talk about.
Find the axial stuff, append the ID,
we have some singular slash,
if it's singular page or
not stuff to work on and then we
have to load all the posts properly.
So let's come into our source posts.
>> Zac Gordon: So this is our
previous function that should be all,
man I can't use my, okay.
So here is the first one that we have and
if we ever played around but
straight DOM/ g manipulation had
a high level this should make sense
basically were getting an event,
>> Zac Gordon: When
we load single post and
we want to get the ID and
remember how we restoring the ID
up in the article itself.
So, what I'm doing is, I'm saying go
ahead from the link that I just clicked
over from the link I
clicked on in the post.
So, starting the post that I click on and
then go up from there once, to the H
element, the H2 element and then go
up to the article element itself and then
get me the ID off that article element.
So again it's saying start at,
this is all the link that we
clicked on the title of the post.
This is gonna be the h2, this is gonna
be the article, and then this is the ID.
So we grab that and then once we have this
ID, we can't just do a get request for
a single post here because this
is gonna get us all of the posts.
So we will append this like this,
and we'll say get me this specific
post that I had saved on the page
that I'm working with, and
then change post to response data
>> Zac Gordon: And
now before render post only took one
argument but we've customized it now so
that we can have the same function work
whether we're displaying a post in
a list format or in a single format.
And we'll see the differences
there in a second.
So IS_SINGLE in this case
is gonna be set to true,
because this is the handler,
handling, loading a single post.
So if we look at renderPost now,
>> Zac Gordon: Notice
that by default It is
setting single to false.
So if we just call render post in a single
post, it's gonna assume that we're in
a post listing and
it'll do certain things a certain way.
So, is single, we're gonna
change to true equal to single.
So if it's a single page
we have to display this
link to go back to all the other posts.
We have to display stuff in an h1, because
we don't want an h2 if we're on a single
post, cuz we want it to be
the main header for the page.
And then, content here, well, that's
a markup, that's gonna render the content.
So if we're on a listing page,
which means that we want
a bunch of posts listed with excerpt and
a link to get more.
Then we're going to do an h2 and put in
an anchor tag with the post.slug in it.
And then we'll pull in our excerpt.
So notice that if it's a single page
we're pulling it in h1 in the content.
And if it's not a single page then
we're creating an h2 with a link and
then pulling in the excerpt.
So this is more JavaScript, this isn't
necessarily WordPress specific, so
we'll keep going.
>> Zac Gordon: We make sure
that we take that post id and
we throw it up into the article so
that if we need it later.
It's saved to the page and
then we'll save this again.
And the reason we need to do
this twice is because up here,
we can't attach an event
listener to this link
because at this point this is technically,
only a string.
It isn't until this line right here,
where we take our markup and
we assign it as n or html, and
then it becomes valid dom nodes.
So at that point, then we could
attach event listeners down below,
which is what we're going to do.
So load posts is going to call load.posts.
So this is,
if it's a single one, it's just going
to attach to that back to posts link.
And then if it's not a single one, meaning
that if we're in a list of posts mode,
then we're going to
the header of that tag.
Go ahead and say, load the single post.
And that will tie it all together.
So let's go ahead and save that.
>> Zac Gordon: And now when we click on
the post we should see it display there
And all right, we are working.
And notice that the front page is just the
excerpts and this is the actual content.
And what we've done behind the scenes is,
originally we get all the posts but
when someone clicks on a link
we're grabbing the ID for
that which is again, saved in the article.
>> Zac Gordon: So see right here,
data equal to 134?
So when we click on this link,
we're gonna say grab 134.
And in the back end come down
to our load single post.
And that id that we get right here.
So all this crazy code is going
from the link, getting the id and
then we get a single code.
You could potentially do this slightly
differently but I just wanted to
show you what happens when you wanna do
another call once you click on a link.
Which is a pretty common scenario.